Add media embed resizing feature (#20100)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-media-embed/docs/features/media-embed.md

</code-switcher>

<info-box>
	Depending on how you will configure this feature, you may need to use services like [Iframely](https://iframely.com/) or [Embedly](https://embed.ly/) to display content of embedded media on your target website. Read more about {@link features/media-embed-external-preview displaying embedded media}.
</info-box>

## Media embed features

The [`@ckeditor/ckeditor5-media-embed`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ckeditor/ckeditor5-media-embed) package contains multiple plugins that implement media-related features:

* {@link features/media-embed-configuration Configuration} &ndash; set the data output format and extend, remove, or override the default media providers.
* {@link features/media-embed-external-preview External services} &ndash; use Iframely or Embedly to render rich previews inside the editor and on your target website.
* {@link features/media-embed-resize Resizing media embeds} &ndash; enable drag-to-resize handles for media widgets (premium).
* {@link features/media-embed-styles Styling media} &ndash; create dedicated styles for specific non-previewable media providers.

## Previewable and non-previewable media

> When the media embed feature is asked to embed a specific media element via its URL it needs to make a decision how the media will be displayed in the editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the media embed feature is asked to embed a specific media element via its URL, it needs to decide about how the media will be displayed in the editor.
```

If, for instance, the URL to embed is `https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H08tGjXNHO4`, the feature can predict that it needs to produce the following HTML to show this YouTube video:

```html
<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/${ videoId }"
	width="1280" height="720"
	style="width: 100%; height: auto; aspect-ratio: 16 / 9; border: 0; display: block;"
	frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
```

> The CSS `aspect-ratio` property keeps the video responsive while the HTML `width` and `height` attributes provide an intrinsic size so the iframe behaves well in table cells and other layout contexts. The crucial part is the iframe element's `src` which the media embed feature predicts based on the given video URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS `aspect-ratio` property keeps the video responsive, while the HTML `width` and `height` attributes provide an intrinsic size so the iframe behaves well in table cells and other layout contexts. The crucial part is the iframe element's `src` which the media embed feature predicts based on the given video URL.
```
